rockin 47 years yeah but those bags are
fairly common in better shape so we can
be they can be replaced we could have
the originals but you can also have
replacement bags yeah the MELD bags will
be much sturdier the green Thompson the
violin case not so just right look at
that 45 green accessories green bag
barricade Street barricades yeah there
they are
Oh beautiful Eliot Ness at Al Capone no
boy they do look good
yes they do perfect ivory yep okay very
good
silver
yeah oh boy
yeah interior furniture against the
light poles on the interior here - yeah
street lights the bank Oh beautiful soft
plastic yeah it's all plastic but after
all these years not as soft as it could
be mm-hmm very nice this goes with the
A's okay where is the railing it's in
the brown bag if it's there another one
of these didn't get marked and is just
really faded you see where we stand but
they're running out of ink Oh better be
in here and it sounded like hard plastic
it's the hardest piece there there it is
the rare handrail and loses you know
gets lost the second day broke off or
broken the light steps on it oh look at
this the sky like white skull and
sconces the mornings is the come here is
the cops in gray all rare rare rare
cops in grey unusual very cool this
could be a very early set yeah that was
the first figure one of the first guys I
got off you remember the blue one blue
well got him - yeah probably was - my
brother's set
and here is your favorite shot the golf
bag now I'm disappointed I wish the cops
were then in blue oh no you got a much
rarer set much rarer set you can get you
can find them you know well I've got
them blue hey Rico got with a mask on
you know this is the this is the coup de
Gras you know here's how you gonna show
they go dead go yeah now the prisoner
don't take me in Johnny look I'm in and
the timing lights all agree we're gonna
play man
yes carefully with the little works on
it Wow first time since being folded
marbles thank you so much whoever you
are who folded this so nicely for us but
you know that's way not 30s they did
they really have crosswalk